so this is the same app with the same feature just different design
so we are going to have the main feature which is just...


So the timer feature must have a name and that 
name and its duration should be displayed in word form

The purpose of this way of timing is to make it easy when
coding or just working to recalibrate your mind to what you were
going to head to. 

That's it!


So we ask...what are you working on.

when we ask what are you working on, they will say, what they are working on
like, coding a feature, making a small app, 
finish school project.

so you want to do your project for school? then type it here and
choose the time duration which you want to do.

This is the first feature.

just ask and when they choose start, then you can have a popup asking you
the name of "what you want to work on"

and the "duration you want to work on it" 
i.e. "how long you want to do this"


Type what you are working on

instead of choosing the literal time, you choose the duration you want to work
so that there is later the flexibility of having a break


MAKE DURATION CHOOSER
so the duration chooser is just a flexible place you can enter
manually just as google clock does. you enter the duration in

hours (h) minutes (m) or seconds (s)

so that it is like 

00h 00m 00s

when the person types: 800

then it means 8minutes since there are 6 zeros there.

800 is = 0800

which eight minutes 00 seconds

if it was 080000 then it would be 08h 00m 00s

so it can be done, just take that as a value which 
JS will take care of...somehow.

so ...


S03052506.36
Alhamdulillah, we have reached a good milestone...what's now next?

I hope that this benefits me once again so that i can benefit others with
it. Another thing i was thinking about was to host it on github and tell
people to play with it and tell me what they think. This way,
perhaps i could get to see if the app itself is useful. 
Perhaps they could drop their email if they enjoyed the app.

This is only a prototype of the main thing but i still have to use it


The value of it comes when you are (too overwhelmed and you need to
list down your tasks just so that you can get them off your mind) 
and then (when you get into one task, then you can zone in)

1. Get to list down all your activities which you are yet to do
2. Also get to zone in on one task when you start working
3. you also get to end tasks at any time meaning that the time constraint
doesnt really matter.
4. when you get done, you can just say.


So why not release this and say that people in various
groups to play with it.

